docs: update instructions to use Amplify UI components in app directory (#3850)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/getting-started/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.react.mdx

Next.js 13.4+ introduces [app directory](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing#the-app-directory) with the usage of [Server Components](https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started/react-essentials#server-components). To use Amplify UI componenents, you must use them inside the Client Component tree by placing `"use client"` at the boundary between your Client and Server component module graph. Please see the Next.js [documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started/react-essentials#third-party-packages) on how you could achieve this.

> ### `Module not found errors`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###  Next 13.4+:`Module not found`
```

or 
```suggestion
### Next 13.4+: `Module not found` Errors
```

Author: That's fair

> ### Next 13.4+: `Module not found errors`

Reviewer 2: Is the console error output `Module not found errors`?

Reviewer 3: +1, let's add the specific error message here

Author: This is what terminal will output

Reviewer: It should say 
```suggestion
### Next 13.4+: `Module not found` Errors
```

based on what I see below, correct?

```
Module not found: Can't resolve 'encoding' in 'xxx'
```

Reviewer 2: This is what i am seeing:
```
./node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js
Module not found: Can't resolve 'encoding' in '/Users/cpollman/Amplify/use-auth-examples/node_modules/node-fetch/lib'
```

Author: `Module not found Errors` makes sense to me

Reviewer 2: IMO we should separate "errors" out from the code highlight (@wlee221 suggestion)

Reviewer 2: Just meant the heading (taken from the suggestion @wlee221 had):
```suggestion
### Next 13.4+: `Module not found` Errors
```

Author: Looking around other headings. Kinda make sense to separate out

```
Next 13.4+: Can't resolve 'encoding' in 'xxx' and Module not found: Can't resolve 'aws-crt' in 'xxx'
```

Reviewer 3: +1, we should include the errors separately to allow for better SEO findability for customers

Author: Synced offline. We are aligned to use the shorter version

> When you use Connected components, you may see the follow errors from `aws-crt` and `encoding` on the server:

Reviewer 2: The user will definitely see these errors correct? Might be misunderstanding but can't think of a scenario where the user would not see these warnings when using server components?

Reviewer 3: +1 we should say they "will see" instead of "may see". If my understanding is correct, this actually happens even using client components since Next.js will still server render the component and rehydrate on the frontend by default. Also, this error is only seen in the terminal, not the browser console, we may want to clarify that.

Author: You are right. I will change the wording

> When you use Connected components and you are supposed to see the folow errors from `aws-crt` and `encoding` on the server:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you use Connected components, you may see the follow errors from `aws-crt` and `encoding` on the server:
```

Author: oops

Reviewer 2: ^Typo above

```suggestion
When you use Connected Components, you should see the following errors from `aws-crt` and `encoding` on the server:
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: Nit: use unstyled codeblock instead of bash codeblock so that `'s` don't mess up the syntax highlighting:

![image](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-ui/assets/43682783/b2b7ef6e-35ea-498e-97ee-62a825ad6d55)

./node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js
Module not found: Can't resolve 'encoding' in 'xxx'

./node_modules/@aws-sdk/client-sts/node_modules/@aws-sdk/util-user-agent-node/dist-cjs/is-crt-available.js
Module not found: Can't resolve 'aws-crt' in 'xxx'
```

> It will not affect the use and functionality. This is a known transitive issue from SDKs. The issue is currently tracked [here](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-js/issues/11030).

Reviewer 2: What SDKs though? All SDKs or the AWS SDK?

Author: AWS SDKs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It will not affect the use and functionality. This is a known transitive issue when using the AWS SDK. The issue is currently tracked [here](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-js/issues/11030).
```

Next.js 13.4+ introduces [app directory](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing#the-app-directory) with the usage of [Server Components](https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started/react-essentials#server-components). To use Amplify UI componenents, you must use them inside the Client Component tree by placing `"use client"` at the boundary between your Client and Server component module graph. Please see the Next.js [documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started/react-essentials#third-party-packages) on how you could achieve this.

### Next 13.4+: `Module not found` Errors

> When you use Amplify UI, you will see the follow errors from `aws-crt` and `encoding` in the server terminal:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you use Amplify UI with Server Components, you will see the follow errors from `aws-crt` and `encoding` in the server terminal:
```

Reviewer 2: Might be worth considering changing "Amplify UI" to just "Amplify" here since Amplify UI itself is not the originator of the issue

```
./node_modules/node-fetch/lib/index.js
Module not found: Can't resolve 'encoding' in 'xxx'

./node_modules/@aws-sdk/client-sts/node_modules/@aws-sdk/util-user-agent-node/dist-cjs/is-crt-available.js
Module not found: Can't resolve 'aws-crt' in 'xxx'
```

> They will not affect the use and functionality on the client and no error will appear in the browser console. This is a known transitive issue when using the AWS SDK. The issue is currently tracked [here](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-js/issues/11030).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These errors will not affect functionality and no error will appear in the browser console. This is a known transitive issue when using the AWS SDK. The issue is currently tracked [here](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-js/issues/11030).
```

> These errors will not affect the use and functionality on the client and no error will appear in the browser console. This is a known transitive issue when using the AWS SDK. The issue is currently tracked [here](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-js/issues/11030).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These errors will not affect the use and functionality of the client, nor will errors appear in the browser console. This is a known transitive issue when using the AWS SDK. The issue is currently tracked [here](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-js/issues/11030).
